
It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker.
Please white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool.
Thank you.
 
Some features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker.
 
This content community relies on user-generated content from our member contributors. The opinions of our members are not those of site ownership who maintains strict editorial agnosticism and simply provides a collaborative venue for free expression. 
All content copyright 2018, The Above Network, LLC.
Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
The cryptocurrency stellar, also known as XLM, jumped about 20% Wednesday following news that online payments provider Stripe is considering adding support for the digital currency on its platform as it phases out bitcoin. The announcement comes as bitcoin, the world's largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization, has seen its transaction times leap to well over 24 hours, compared to stellar's at 2 to 5 second average.
At a price of $0.57 on Wednesday afternoon, XLM has jumped about 13.3% on the news, according to website CoinMarketCap. In May 2017, the digital coin was worth less than half a cent. After jumping to a $10.3 billion market value, stellar became the sixth-largest cryptocurrency.
On April 23, Stripe will stop accepting bitcoin payments after doing so for about four years. "Bitcoin has evolved to become better-suited to being an asset than being a means of exchange," said Stripe. The company highlighted various issues with bitcoin, including its large spike in transaction confirmation times, transaction failure rates and growing fees. "Empirically, there are fewer and fewer use cases for which accepting or paying with bitcoin makes sense."
Stripe's product manager Tom Karlo wrote in a company blog post that, "we may add support for Stellar (to which we provided seed funding) if substantive use continues to grow." Stellar is just one of a handful of cryptocurrencies that the Silicon Valley-based fintech company is considering. The firm said that it will also keep and eye on other cryptocurrencies—including ethereum—while "paying close attention to the ecosystem." The payments processor has not ruled out the possibility for bitcoin to "become viable for payments again in the future." 
Stripe powers transactions for more than 100,000 global businesses and individuals. Its customers span industries and include Warby Parker, Under Armour Inc. (UAA), Target Inc. (TGT), Blue Apron Holdings Inc. (APRN), and OpenTable. (See also: Bitcoin Could Lose 90% of Its Value: Street Vet.)
Investing in cryptocurrencies and other Initial Coin Offerings (“ICOs”) is highly risky and speculative, and this article is not a recommendation by Investopedia or the writer to invest in cryptocurrencies or other ICOs. Since each individual's situation is unique, a qualified professional should always be consulted before making any financial decisions. Investopedia makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or timeliness of the information contained herein. As of the date this article was written, the author owns cryptocurrency.
 
Want to learn how to invest?
Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.
By Croal15 (Own work) [CC BY-SA 4.0], via Wikimedia Commons 
Stellar has been rising steadily in January 2018, with prices edging up to $0.62 as at 25th January with the upward momentum remaining strong.  This momentum coming at a time when most other crypto currencies have been south bound, augurs well for Stellar.
There are many reasons why a coin can suddenly attract the attention of investors and transition into the ‘hot’ territory.  If we examine recent history, we can find that these reasons are pretty simple. A well known and talented blockchain designer heading the company, signing up some high-profile clients for using the blockchain, by far, makes up the best recipe for success in the coin market.  The technology behind the currency should be convincing and the larger the number of potential applications and clients, the better it is for the sustained growth of the coin.
In the past, we have seen this conviction working well for Ripple and Ethereum and the same is now true of Stellar. “Lumens”, the coin offered by Stellar has performed credibly well in the New year with its market cap rising from $2.5 billion to about $12 billion. Some experts even opine that the market cap of Stellar could rise to dizzy heights notching up about $183 billion by end 2018. If Stellar does reach that milestone, it would be just about $50 billion shy of bitcoin’s market cap. In percentage terms, that would also be a steep climb of 1700% significantly ahead of 140% rise predicted for Bitcoin and 170% for Ethereum.
Jed McCaleb, the co-founder at Stellar was the architect of the first exchange for Bitcoin, Mt.Gox and  was also the original founder of Ripple which is another crypto currency on the fast track. Thus, Jed has the right credentials to attract investor attention.
As for Stellar’s clients, IBM announced in October last that it would use Stellar for partnering with banks in providing cross country payments, particularly in South Pacific. When this happens, someone in Australia for instance can do business with an entity in Indonesia and use lumens to pay for the transaction for instance.
McCaleb speaking on the deal with IBM stated that at present several days tend to be consumed in cross-border payments. The new implementation, he says, is poised to be the beginning of a profound change once it is fully scaled by the banking partners and IBM, for nations in the South Pacific particularly and potentially it could change how money moves around the globe impacting current international transactions and financial inclusion that is advancing in developing nations.
IBM on its part states that as much as 60% cross-border payments in the retail forex corridors of South Pacific could get processed in the current year itself through the partnership with Stellar. However, IBM officials were not explicit on the size of these “corridors” but indicated that the partnership could potentially be processing in excess of $1 billion every month starting early in 2018 in key markets like New Zealand, Australia, Fiji, Tonga, and Samoa.
While Bitcoin is defined as a cryptocurrency popular among consumers and individuals, Stellar comes with enhanced business appeal. Thus, it is somewhat similar to Ripple and that is in consonance with what McCaleb had dreamed up. But Stellar and Ripple have profound differences. For the uninitiated, presently Stellar operates with the ‘non profit’ tag while Ripple has the ‘for-profit’ tag and many investors hold the view that the company could be offering shares to public in 2018 itself. Further, while the Ripple network is reckoned as more centralized, Stellar operates on a decentralized fashion which is in consonance with the manner in which the Bitcoin community functions. But, would these factors be adequate for Stellar to overtake Ripple whose market cap is about 5 times bigger? Though it would be a bit too early to make a prediction, we can say for sure that Stellar, for now, appears to be on the right course.
Stripe, which handles payments for over 100,000 businesses including Open Table and Warby Parker has announced stopping processing transactions involving bitcoin from 23 April on account higher fees and slow transaction rate. It also stated that it could add support to Stellar and the announcement came as a shot in the arm for Stellar. Importantly, Stripe’s current client list is impressive with names like Target, Lyft, Deliveroo and Grab.
Transaction time for Bitcoin has been constantly increasing and now sits around a day which at times even exceeds a day. Competition offering significantly faster transaction time should be a cause of worry for Bitcoin. Stellar, for instance states that its network can settle transaction in under 5 seconds and when that is demonstrated and sustained, the financial world is bound to fall in love. Similarly, Bitcoin transaction fee which had soared to $34 in December last has now softened to about $10 and competition should be glad to chip in with lower prices.
 HTML 

enter your info below & be subscribed to both
valuewalk & valueinvestor.com (from ValueWalk)




 JS 

// < ![CDATA[

			function CheckMultiple3(frm, name) {
				for (var i=0; i < frm.length; i++) { fldObj = frm.elements[i]; fldId = fldObj.id; if (fldId) { var fieldnamecheck=fldObj.id.indexOf(name); if (fieldnamecheck != -1) { if (fldObj.checked) { return true; } } } } return false; } function CheckForm3(f) { var email_re = /[a-z0-9!#$%&#038;'*+\/=?^_`{|}~-]+(?:\.[a-z0-9!#$%&#038;'*+\/=?^_`{|}~-]+)*@(?:[a-z0-9](?:[a-z0-9-]*[a-z0-9])?\.)+[a-z0-9](?:[a-z0-9-]*[a-z0-9])?/i; if (!email_re.test(f.email.value)) { alert("Please enter your email address."); f.email.focus(); return false; } return true; } // ]]>


 New Sidebar Below Fold Ad 300x250 


(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});









 New Sidebar below ad 


(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});









We have two rising stars in the cryptocurrency field. Cardano (ADA) and Stellar (XLM) are now both in the top 10 largets cryptocurrencies by market cap. Let’s take a look at both and do a quick comparison.
Cardano is now the fifth largest crypto by market cap. It is a third generation cryptocurrency and the first blockchain platform to evolve out of a scientific philosophy and a research-first driven approach.
Cardano blockchain development team consists of a large global collective of expert engineers and researchers.
Unlike Bitcoin, Cardano has two layers.
The first one is the Cardano Settlement Layer(CSL).  CSL works as a more efficient bitcoin, handling the balance ledger and basic transaction side of things.
The second layer is the Cardano Computation Layer. This is where decentralized apps and smart contracts built on Cardano will be based and can operate separately on the CSL layer.
These multiple layers mean that you can make changes to the platform without a fork.
Cardano’s token, Ada, reached new highs above $1.20 this week. The reason for the surge could be the anticipation of the next major update for the platform being due for release next week.
 
Stellar aims to be a one-stop shop in the financial world, where with just one integration into the Stellar Network, everyone including, payment networks, banks and market participants have equal economic access economic. Stellar operates a network with the blockchain technology behind bitcoin. But unlike Bitcoin, Stellar’s transactions settle in 2 to 5 seconds and allow users to quickly exchange government-backed currencies, such as turning U.S. dollars into euros.
Stellar coins are officially called lumens or XLM for short when traded in the crypto exchanges. 
Lumens are technically the native asset of the Stellar network.
Native means that lumens are built into the network. Asset is how the network refers to an item of value that is stored on the ledger.
The native asset of Stellar, Lumens (XLM) reached for new highs at the end of 2017 and by Wednesday was up 65%. However, on Thursday it pulled back towards the 23% Fibonacci retracement level. It started Friday with a Doji candlestick pattern.
The young token remains above the Ichimoku cloud.
Both blockchains are gaining popularity with the market players. The hot debates are whether these can be the next Ethereum or the next Ripple.
 
Invest Responsibly,
Kiana








Copyright © 2018 - NewsBTC. All Rights Reserved. Website Designed, Developed & Marketed by Belkin Marketing & KEY Difference Media.
NewsBTC is a news service that covers bitcoin news, technical analysis and forecasts for bitcoin and other altcoins. Here at NewsBTC, we are dedicated to enlightening people all around the world about bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. We cover news related to bitcoin exchanges, bitcoin mining and price forecasts for various virtual currencies.
Real time prices"vires in numeris."
Bitcoin
ETHEREUM
DASH
Receive all Bitcoinist news in Telegram!
Both of these highflyers are taking the crypto community by storm. Which one will fare better in 2018? Who do we believe will outperform the other? Find out. 
If Ripple is the Goldman Sachs of crypto, Stellar is its antagonist, Robin Hood, with the latter pointing out that the former is hanging onto to nearly 60% of the originally issued Ripple tokens. Which in my ledger implies they can easily manipulate their own market. For reference, 60% is a towering percentage of founder ownership.
So Wall Street has found their Crypto God and they are lifting their gaze to the blockchain to pray for more prophets.
In contrast, Stellar’s Robin Hood has bequeathed control of their excess supply of tokens to a non-profit called the Stellar Development Foundation which has no stock or profits given to individuals. Moreover, it’s backed by a benefactor, “No one has ever been fired for using IBM’s coin”. Yes, I made some of that up, but Watson ordered me to write it.
Comparing the two competing teams, you’re quickly struck by the difference in their governance. Ripple consists of ex-bankers and an advisory board of global financial institutions, while Stellar casts a group of start-up veterans like WordPress founder Matt Mullenweg Y Combinator President Sam Altman.
Dig a little deeper, and one also realizes that Ripple is funding its own competitor in Jed McCaleb, Co-Founder of Stellar. McCaleb started out as a co-founder of Ripple but has been banished by its Sheriff and the rest of Rippleham. In a fitting twist of fate, McCabe still receives $20,000 per week from Ripple and a huge lump sum due in 2019.
Back to IBM.
Big Blue seems intent on reclaiming its most popular tech darling in the world status by jumping into the Blockchain with both feet. They have assumed the role of Little John to the crypto community and Stellar is one of their strategic investments. They want to be the fifth horseman to Scott Galloway’s Four in Amazon, Facebook, Google, and Apple. IBM views the blockchain as the chance to return to the winner’s stable.
So, if Ripple and Stellar are destined to battle it out, how shall we doth compare thee?
I will show ye.
Both Ripple (XRP) and Stellar (STR) have had huge run-ups in the past 30 days and in terms of cryptocurrency market cap rankings, they have reached 2nd and 5th respectively. As you can see below, they have been following a similar path over the past 30 days.

The first thing you need to know about both coins is that they’re going to be everywhere. The world’s most powerful banks and one of the most powerful companies are going to be relentlessly shooting their crypto arrows into anything that whiffs of money.
And the market for cross-border payments, microtransactions, and intermediary currency functionality is huge and both companies are tackling it with superior technology. For example, if someone is looking to trade U.S. dollars for Euros, either network could facilitate the conversion by matching relevant offers and using Ripple or Lumens to quickly execute the trade. Today it can take hours or days.
Neither of these coins will ever see the lofty prices of Bitcoin. There’s too much supply. Imagine Ripple trading at $20,000 which would effectively give it a market cap of two-thousand Apple Computers. That’s not happening. But I will predict that we’ll see Ripple cross $3 a share in 2018 while Lumens will triple.
I also predict IBM will leverage blockchain companies like Stellar to leapfrog its competition in an attempt to join the Four Horsemen. Want proof? Just look at the history of IBM and their numerous comeback stories.
Think IBM is just out to exploit the blockchain space? Nah, it’s more King Richard than Sheriff Nottingham and it’s a master of reinvention and monetizing trends. This time will be no exception.
My conclusion: Ripple will continue its climb, but Stellar is a $15 billion market cap coin trapped in a $5 billion chest.
This article is not an investment advice. Do your own research and invest wisely.
Agree or disagree with me? Then, speaketh up and best be heard!
Images courtesy of AdobeStock
Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Bitcoinist.com.
Budbo, the company whose immensely popular app has been dubbed “the Tinder of weed”, is now focusing on leveraging the power of the blockchain to help document supply chains and aid research by providing extensive transparent data. Their token sale is now live. The current legalized marijuana industry is fragmented and marginalized, something that has led Budbo to identify a dire need for some form of systematic organization that also incorporates a transparency of operations.Read More
Charlie Lee admits his ambition to work with Monero in a series of tweets he posted yesterday, claiming that Litecoin’s liquidity would be a good fit for Monero’s anonymity and fungibility. Monero (XMR) creator Riccardo Spagni and Litecoin (LTC) creator Charlie Lee would appear to be taking tentative baby steps in potentially bringing their two coins closer. Spagni posted the following tweet yesterday, which first bandied the idea of a possible merger between the twoRead More
 
© 2018 Bitcoinist.com. All Rights Reserved.
DigiByte has launched into the #37 spot with a market cap of $682M. After a brief ‘holiday discount’, the crypto-craze is kicking in again—and many of the major gains we’re seeing are emerging from lesser-known altcoins.
 See more “Crypto Watch” coverage and analysis: Litecoin, Ripple, TRON, Cardano, Bitcoin Cash, Stellar, Qtum, Verge, Reddcoin, and Burstcoin. The coin generating noise now is DigiByte (DGB), which jumped 120 percent in 12 hours—including a 53% bull run in just 25 minutes the morning of Dec.
 23 (PST). DigiByte is an open-source, decentralized blockchain via the DigiByte Foundation, and DGB is the native asset.
 The DigiByte development team has gone to great lengths to ensure that Digibytes “cannot be destroyed, counterfeited or hacked, making them ideal for protecting objects of value like currency, information, property or important digital data.” DigiByte vs Bitcoin comparison Having been in existence for four years, with a community of developers and innovators behind it, DigiByte has become “the world’s longest, fastest and most secure UTXO blockchain in existence,” according the official website.
 Because DigiByte blocks occur every 15 seconds, DigiByte has earned the title of fastest UTXO blockchain in the world, clocking speeds of 40x faster than Bitcoin. The DigiByte blockchain is made up of three layers: the applications layer, the public ledger (digital asset layer), and the global network layer.  Read more from forbes.com…
thumbnail courtesy of forbes.com
Is chief doer at You Brand, Inc. and also master curator at the WordPress content curation platform Curation Suite.

Username or Email Address



Password


 Remember Me













Internet commerce company Stripe has created a stir in the crypto markets today. The Irish online payments firm has ended support for Bitcoin and is eyeing new contenders. It is a significant move for Stripe which was the first major payments company to support Bitcoin back in 2014.
According to reports Stripe will stop accepting Bitcoin payments as of April 23. The company cited network congestion, increasing transfer costs, and lengthening processing times as the primary reasons for ditching BTC. Bitcoin remains one of the slowest and inefficient cryptocurrencies on the market at the moment. Without serious upgrades such as the Lightning Network internet payments companies will start seeking alternatives.
On a company blog post it was stated that Bitcoin had become better suited as an asset than a means of exchange. It also claimed that price volatility had led to an increase in the failure rate of transactions denominated in fiat currencies. By the time the transaction had been confirmed it was often for the wrong amount as the price of BTC had changed again and transfers are not possible in real-time.
Rising fees were also blamed for the divorce with the king of crypto. Stripe’s product manager, Tom Karlo, went on to say;
“For a regular Bitcoin transaction, a fee of tens of U.S. dollars is common, making Bitcoin transactions about as expensive as bank wires. Because of this, we’ve seen the desire from our customers to accept Bitcoin decrease. And of the businesses that are accepting Bitcoin on Stripe, we’ve seen their revenues from Bitcoin decline substantially. Empirically, there are fewer and fewer use cases for which accepting or paying with Bitcoin makes sense.”
The online payments processor will need an alternative cryptocurrency to facilitate payments and it is already looking at Stellar Lumens and OmiseGO. Karlo went on to state;
“OmiseGO is an ambitious and clever proposal; more broadly, Ethereum continues to spawn many high-potential projects. We may add support for Stellar (to which we provided seed funding) if substantive use continues to grow.”
The blog post mentioned a few other altcoins such as Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and ‘other Bitcoin variants’. The effect on both XLM and OMG was positive. Lumens reached a weekly all-time high of $0.63 a few hours ago, up over 14% on the day. It has reached sixth position in the market capacity charts with $10.8 billion at the time of writing. OmiseGO gained almost 12% on the day reaching $19.02 a few hours ago. The altcoin is not as volatile as some of its brethren and has shown a steady increase of over 230% over the past three months.
Stripe currently powers online transactions for over 100,000 global businesses and private individuals. Whichever cryptocurrency they choose is likely to enjoy some positive chart action.









Southeast Asia based info-tech, cyber security, and cryptocurrency analyst with 15 years working in web technology and media. 
View all posts by Martin J. Young 

Copyright © 2018 - NewsBTC. All Rights Reserved. Website Designed, Developed & Marketed by Belkin Marketing & KEY Difference Media.
NewsBTC is a news service that covers bitcoin news, technical analysis and forecasts for bitcoin and other altcoins. Here at NewsBTC, we are dedicated to enlightening people all around the world about bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. We cover news related to bitcoin exchanges, bitcoin mining and price forecasts for various virtual currencies.
Cryptocurrencies have witnessed a "V" shaped recovery in the last 24 hours, with Ripple (XRP) and Stellar (XLM) leading the way among top 10 currencies.
As of writing, XRP is trading at $1.57. The world's third-largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization has appreciated by 56 percent in the last 24 hours, according to data from CoinMarketCap. More impressive has been XRP's 77 percent recovery from the 3.5 week low of $0.897797 hit yesterday.
However, the cryptocurrency is still down 17 percent on a weekly basis, while year-to-date, XRP has depreciated by 31 percent.
Meanwhile, Stellar's XLM token has appreciated by 53 percent in the last 24 hour. XLM was last seen changing hands at $0.535388. As of writing, prices are up 80 percent from yesterday's 2.5 week low of $0.305034. 

That said, XLM is largely unchanged week-on-week. Also, on a year-to-date basis, the world's ninth largest cryptocurrency by market capitalization is up 48.41 percent.

The above chart (prices as per Bitfinex) shows:

The above chart (prices calculated by TradingView) shows:
Disclosure: CoinDesk is a subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, which has an ownership stake in Ripple.
Arrow on road image via Shutterstock

The leader in blockchain news, CoinDesk is an independent media outlet that strives for the highest journalistic standards and abides by a strict set of editorial policies. Have breaking news or a story tip to send to our journalists? Contact us at news@coindesk.com.
Disclaimer: This article should not be taken as, and is not intended to provide, investment advice. Please conduct your own thorough research before investing in any cryptocurrency.


PricesRippleStellarMarkets
Jan 26, 2018 at 15:35 | Omkar Godbole
Technical analysis suggests that bitcoin cash could see a further decline ahead, but that bull scenarios are also in play.
Jan 26, 2018 at 13:40 | Omkar Godbole
Bitcoin's price range continues to narrow, but a big move on either side could happen soon, the technical charts suggest.
Jan 25, 2018 at 16:00 | Michael del Castillo
Mobile stock trading provider Robinhood is now providing bitcoin and ethereum trading alongside the traditional assets it offers. 
Jan 25, 2018 at 14:00 | Brady Dale
Mobius Network has raised $39 million in its token sale, opting to use the Stellar network instead of the more popular ethereum.


What will be the hottest sector of blockchain this fall?


I would like to receive the following emails:

 CoinDesk Weekly - Insights for the week ahead


 CoinDesk Daily - Our snapshot of the day's news


Subscribe to our free newsletter and follow us
Feel as though the performance of your cloud-hosted applications has become lacklustre? Here are five best practices that can help you boost end-user experiences, simplify performance management, and reduce the cost of your AWS environment. 
The number of successful cyberattacks per year per company has increased by 46% over the last four years. But what really needs to be considered when exploring a solution? What questions need to be asked? Download to find out...
HACKERS HAVE NICKED $400,000 (around £290,000) of virtual currency Stellar Lumen from web-based wallet BlackWallet.
The cyber crims managed to hijack the server which hosts BlackWallet and swiped 669,920 Lumens from user accounts.
Bleeping Computer reports that BlackWallet had tried to warn its users that the server had been compromised, but many continued to log into their accounts and subsequently lose money; we guess the lure of valuable cryptocurrency is too strong to heed caution.
The creator of BlackWallet took to Reddit to explain that they'd disabled the hosting account and websites and apologised for the hack attack.
"I am sincerely sorry about this and hope that we will get the funds back," said the developer going by the name of 'Orbit84'.
"I am in talks with my hosting provider to get as much information about the hacker and will see what can be done with it.
"If you ever entered your key on BlackWallet, you may want to move your funds to a new wallet."
While Stellar Lumen is not the most valuable cryptocurrency in the world, it's the eight most popular virtual currency. So the cyber thieves so far appear to have the got away with the hacking heist and could go on a spending spree with their ill-gotten gains.
That being said, they are most likely to convert the stolen funds into another digital currency to help hide their tracks and ensure they get away with the crime.
Given there is currently a lot of furore around the turbulent value of Bitcoin and newer cryptocurrencies like Ripple, we'd not be surprised to see more people invest in the virtual currencies.
This would likely mean that more of such crypto crimes are likely to pop up as 2018 marches onward. µ

					Seems to be an Acer-branded device

				

					Promises to reinforce cyber defences ahead of the 2018 midterm elections

				

					Grey-faced PM thinks UK should be looking at Bitcoin 'very seriously'

				

					Digitimes claims iPhone X Plus will be firm's only OLED model this year

				

© Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, New London House, 172 Drury Lane, London WC2B 5QR, registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 09177174 & 09178013


Home

Hacking

BlackWallet DNS Server Hacked, $400,000 Worth Stellar Stolen




                            By 
                            Vivek Gurung

At 
                          20:44:00


0






Post a Comment





Can't find substitution for tag [post.friendConnectJs]


                      BLOG_CMT_createIframe('https://www.blogger.com/rpc_relay.html', '0');
                    




Categories
Archives

January 2018


S
M
T
W
T
F
S




 
 
 




 
1
2
3
4
5
6


7
8
9
10
11
12
13


14
15
16
17
18
19
20


21
22
23
24
25
26
27


28
29
30
31



Syndication
(click to tweet)
Cryptocurrency isn’t just about Bitcoin.
There’s Stellar, Eos, Steem, Salt, and many more blockchains, tokens, technologies, and coins to bet on. Sure, Bitcoin’s price is a reliable glimpse into the market’s pulse on cryptocurrency, but if you’re looking to invest in any of the alternative crypto technologies, research beyond Bitcoin is required.
Luckily, on today’s episode of The Tai Lopez Show, we are joined by the expert on alternative crypto technologies. Jeremy Gardner is the founder of the decentralized prediction blockchain Augur, which at a market-cap of $300 million is said to be the most undervalued crypto-project in Silicon Valley. Jeremy specializes in evaluating each crypto from an unbiased point of view. His thorough understanding of how each technology works and fits into the greater landscape will help us navigate more nuanced investment decisions.
Don’t forget! You can also listen to The Tai Lopez Show on Spotify! Click “Follow” and let me know what you think!
(click to tweet)
Receive all Cointelegraph news immediately in Telegram.
Cointelegraph
  Advertise  
Katy Perry joins cryptocurrency craze by showcasing her crypto-themed manicure.
News
Singer and number one Twitter celebrity Katy Perry has joined the crypto craze by posting an image of her crypto-themed manicure on Instagram Thursday, Jan. 25.
Perry’s nails are now decorated with 3D images of five cryptocurrencies superimposed over a background of US dollar bills: the currencies are Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, Stellar and Monero. The singer did not disclose the reasons behind her selection.
$—CrYpTo ClAwS—$
Публикация от  KATY PERRY (@katyperry) Янв 25, 2018 at 12:49 PST
The post - captioned “$—CrYpTo ClAwS—$” - has managed to amass over 150,000 likes.
Perry has also tagged the Instagram accounts of all five cryptocurrencies - ethereum_updates, litecoinofficial, bit, stellarlumens and moneroofficial.
More and more celebrities have been exposing their involvement in crypto lately.
Earlier this week, rapper 50 Cent was reported to have made about 700 bitcoins when he started accepting Bitcoin for his album released in 2014. He only remembered about his Bitcoin stash, which now amounts to about $7 mln, this week.
 Follow us on Facebook 
Follow us on Facebook
Hide Comments
 For updates and exclusive offers, enter your e-mail below. 
Cointelegraph covers Fintech, Blockchain and Bitcoin bringing you the latest news and analyses on the future of money.


Thank you for contacting us! We will reply to you as soon as possible.
Thank you for your interest in our franchise program.
We are considering your request and will contact you in due course. If you have any further queries, please contact:
franchise@cointelegraph.com

   <a href="javascript:void(0)" style="text-decoration: none; color: #fff;">
                                    Oracle Times ICO &<br>Cryptocurrency Hub </a> 
 <a href="https://oracletimes.com" style="text-decoration: none; color: #fff;">
                                    Oracle Times ICO &<br>Cryptocurrency Hub </a> 


Stellar Lumens (XLM)–Sitting comfortably in the twelfth spot for total market cap, XLM has risen from relative cryptocurrency obscurity to one of the most dominant coins on the marketplace. Less than two weeks ago, Lumens were trading for under a nickel and commanded only $775 million in total value. As of writing, the price-per-coin has skyrocketed to $0.15 with a market cap of $2.5 billion. While most altcoins have been crushed this week with the surging price of bitcoin, XLM has managed a steady gain over the last several days.
Stellar is the name of the open-source technology designed to be a distributed payment system. Like Bitcoin and other cryptos, it utilizes a decentralized, blockchain protocol that allows for the transfer of money across borders and around the world in a fast, secure and cost-effective manner. Similar to the relationship between Ripple and XRP, Lumens are the native asset, crypto-currency which operates within the Stellar network. Lumens can be used in the exchange process, shifting money quickly across multiple currencies in a single transaction. The hope is for Lumens to be a valuable asset in the developing world, given its low transaction cost (0.00001 lumens per transaction) and speed (2-5 seconds). 
Like XRP, the purpose of the Lumen coin is to offer liquidity in the transaction process occurring on the Stellar network. In cross-border transactions or those involving multiple currencies, the transfer of fiat to Lumen and back again provides individuals and businesses with a faster and cheaper method than using traditional payment services. Because of this reliance upon liquidity, Stellar Lumens are a large-supply crypto with a circulating supply of 17.8 billion XLM and a max supply of 100 billion. From an investment standpoint: don’t expect the price to hit $1 any time soon. While the coin has managed significant gains over the last two weeks, the price will likely stabilize as the fear-of-missing-out subsides and investors in search of exponential gains move on to another coin. However, XLM has long-term potential as the crypto-market continues to grow. With $2.5 billion already invested, Stellar is building a case as another large-supply, low-cost coin to compete with the market leader Ripple.
The Stellar network is an open-source payment technology that offers the decentralized blockchain of a typical cryptocurrency. However, when you buy into Stellar, via the altcoin Lumen (XLM), you are also supporting the nonprofit Stellar.org which is utilizing the technology in a way to fight poverty in the developing world. Taken from their website “With a team of top technology and finance professionals, the nonprofit Stellar.org expands access to low-cost financial services to fight poverty and maximize individual potential.” Operational costs are paid for with a small portion of the initial supply of Lumens (5%) and public donations. 
While it may be too early to say we have entered Cryptocurrency 2.0, the next step for the market as a whole is filling real-world needs outside of making investors money. Bitcoin has established itself as the first great digital asset to retain and grow in value. Ripple is attempting to reshape the world of bank to bank transactions. IOTA is tackling how businesses interact and opening the door to microtransactions. Stellar.org, using the Stellar framework and Lumen currency, wants to create a network for the developing world to circumvent banks, exchange money through multi-currency transactions (particularly in regions of high diversity and low monetary stability), and provide fast liquidity to individuals looking for a secure payment service. 
A contributing factor to the rise in XLM price was the confidence-inspiring announcement in October that IBM had partnered with Stellar to provide a payment service throughout the South Pacific, “The significance of the news, which IBM announced on [October 16], is that merchants and consumers will be able to send money to another country in near real-time, accelerating a payments process that typically takes days.” The payment service encompasses Australia, New Zealand, Fiji, and other countries in the South Pacific, with the goal of processing over half of all foreign exchange payments made in the region by the end of the year. 
While the primary fear for Ripple-holders has been banks neglecting to rely upon, or even use the XRP coin, the IBM announcement specifically states that payment transfers will be made with Lumens as liquidity, at least initially, thus increasing their value and giving XLM a useful hold in the market going forward. It also further validates blockchain technology, as a secure and efficient method for transacting around the world. As in the example given by IBM, a farmer in Samoa can contract with a business in Indonesia for a fraction of the cost it would take going through traditional payment services, while still retaining confidence and security in the deal as each transaction is recorded in the blockchain. Stellar is focused on increasing the availability of these services to the average worker/business in the developing world, while providing a network and cryptocurrency (Lumen) that can be actively traded and used by investors. 



     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

It remains to be seen how Stellar will continue to differentiate itself from the most obvious competitor Ripple. The Stellar project began as a fork from Ripple in 2014, which explains the similarity between the Stellar-Lumen pairing and Ripple-XRP, as well as the shared total market cap of 100 billion coins. However, while Ripple is taking an aggressive approach to being the future of bank to bank transfers, Stellar seems content with operating in the developing world. The partnership with IBM opens the door to a massive population of potential XLM users, as more and more developing world businesses turn to cryptocurrency as a way to fund their projects and conduct commerce. 
Oracletimes.com is hiring crypto writers email us at info@oracletimes.com for more info
 

